what's up with friend stefan here from
fifa and gaming tv and cordial
Welcome to the sixth episode of our
FIFA 14 player rating forecast today
a real special episode at the start
because we do it all today with the
fifa 14
ultimate team designs and that has me
so much time cost that too
edit photoshop but on the other hand
end of the video we learn more now
goalkeeper with which we have romantic
Weidenfeller's market value has stagnated since
Longer time at 5 million is the
but he is already 32 years old
but still very reflexive
or especially in the champions league
strong shown but of course in
the bundesliga good backing for
borussia dortmund set out otherwise
but in 31, eight play without a goal
denied and that is a decent
not so outstanding now but that
is enough to upgrade to fifa 14 too
I get from one
overall rating of 83 out of reflexes +1
at 86 so there we have one
upgrade in things position play also +1
I'm going for speed abdication & diving
Let's assume it's pretty much the same
will stay and handling +1 to 81 high
that was it then also to roman
Weidenfeller now we come to the first
Defender and this is company
Market value also for a long time
at 35 million he is absolute
tribe player at city's defining figure
in the back team 26 players
played because of an injury
he did not play all and only one goal
otherwise he has achieved
consistently good services for manchester
city ​​accomplished and that's why I come
in fifa 14 for an overall rating of
His pace will be the same
stay just like the dribbling shot
probably remains pretty much the same
but that does not interest me at all
so much but rather the defense and the
header defended his defense, I'll go
from going up to 87 high his header
at 80 and match +1 at 75 so at
company probably not so big
changes now we come to one
man is probably a very
fat downgrade experienced it is maicon
its market value from 14 5 to 4 million
declined
free transfer to rome changed in this
season just did not score at all
has in the new game in the bug of
premier league played by it but only
I came in five times and was injured
can get into the years
not so much the services in
build on its time and builds
that's why more and more and therefore
I come to fifa 14 to one
Overall rating of only 77 I go
Of course, at a seasonal
Mode and therefore I believe only after
the winter upgrade 79 was therefore go
I by a something of rapid down
money from now we come to his
single values ​​down speed
78 goes down too
of course, everything but
dribbling -6 on 74 shot only 70
fit on 78 around 75 defense and
Of course, 74 header are still
very good values for 77 total
therefore, one becomes a valued player
probably not so bad too
Now let's play for the first
midfielder this is hobby martinez
from fc bavaria munich many of you
have wished
its market value from 30 to 37 million
he has also increased for 40 million
changed to bavaria last season
was superbly graduated 27
play 3 goals in defensive midfield
and of course he was a supporting figure
makes me really strong in the
Mittelfeld and I'm curious which
role he will take on pep due to
the big competition with among others
Of course, I 'm also in the tiago
first two play very strong
It will be difficult to have company teams
although I think that their place of origin
what do you say to that?
so I'm naturally assume a
person strong player is the one you can
just do not ignore it
Let's get to his FIFA 14 card
I am assuming an overall rating of
85 his speed stays well
equal dribbling +1 to 72 whatsoever
important, of course, is the defense
85 header on 79 high otherwise
Passing game on 80 high in things song
foot and skills I go both times
three stars out so important for one
central defensive midfielder
that is not personal to me
those were the values ​​for harvey
martinez as I imagine
could
that's it then but now to him and
Now we come to a youngster
a midfielder who hopefully
in the future will show even greater
it is goretzka from now schalke 04
his market value at bochum back then
practically from zero to 4 5 million
has an outstanding season at bochum
played as the season began bayer
just 17 years old and then already
player who deserves respect
32 games scored four goals and
five templates in central Mittefeld
He immediately took the reins in hand and
Naturally , Schalke also saw that
then him for 3.3 million
I'm curious whether committed
he will be similar in the future
to make development like idol and reus
and maybe the German football in
then carry the coming years
gets sooooooooooooooo much
goretzka we come to his fifa 14
I returned from one
overall rating of 72 on that is from
bronze on silver pace at 77 high
Darling at 73 euros plus ten shot
to 65 high on 73 defense
on 63 years otherwise heading to 72
which of course must be considered hard
you say everywhere plus 10
I do not know what but I go
I'm sure of that
of course not
So if you have other ideas
you also like to have in the
I wrote comments to goretzka
never so sure
that's why it always has one
Slightly delayed and then
Finally, we come to skills week
I will not go here from anybody
change from both will probably at
three stars stay so good that far
Then it was off to them
Storm rows Cavanis the next man
its market value from 35 to 60 million
in a season switched to pc for 65
million 34 games in the series a
Completed a blatant rate of 29 goals and
five assists in each game
scorer point otherwise has there of course
outstanding qualities in the end
also works well backwards with so
similar to that of mandzukic knows
otherwise a good header and
belongs to the top 5 of the best for me
That's why I'm coming in
fifa 14 to upgrade to 88 the
only what may go down
could speed up to 84
dribbling up 81 so +4 header
on 87 3 otherwise matching game could
possibly stay the same and shot up
86 high for me actually one
pretty interesting card if he is then
would also get four star skills
I'm more of three, I'm
there are not so sure three stars
weak foot will probably also
Stay that far that was it too
cavani we'll come back next time
Here we have another striker
and that is no less than robin
van persies its market value of 45
he has been making millions for about a year
very strong at 29 years of age
tribe player at manchester united 38
play 26 goals and 15 templates
what a brilliant value shine through
scoring a strong passing game
and of course its dribbling too
not bad is easy for me
one of the best strikers in the world and he
shows his year after year
That's why sensational services come about
I am in fifa 14 for a total valuation
of 89 so an upgrade is +1 tempo
possibly -1 down to 77 go
dribbling +1 on 85 shot at each
case plus 2 91
a couple of game plus 1 on 81 header
could possibly stay the same
how the defense in things bigfoot
and skills both four stars will be fine
stay tuned and play a job
is inside and his right foot is too
not from bad parents that 's it
as far as the players now we come
then again on the fifa 14 cards or
to have the card design speak that
i've cost me a pagan work
just under ten hours or so
I have to be very brave
and then on player edit costume
ice and whatever it is called then
That was actually quite ragged now
I have to do it all with photoshop
look for pictures the whole values
register and so on and so forth
The problem was that I was with
Photoshop so far as well as nothing
I had to do that because of that
First of all, find it and if it is
I would like you myself
unlike
to look at whether fallen easy
if not then you also like
leave a dislike and in the
I'll be there next day
Just have a look how many likes
or discs then just there
are and depending on if it just so
Many like that Merkel wanted
it like her, too something of love
have ever written comments to the
then maybe I will too
carry on because your opinion is mine
very important that was it so far
From me skin clean makes up for the good
next time and ciao